There's a new open claw with Kim K 2.5
Nvidia and Olama update. So Alama just
upgraded their free cloud to run on
Nvidia's newest chips. And the first
model running on the hardware is called
Kim K2.5. Here's why that matters. This
is a really powerful model. Gives you
web search and you can use it for free.
It's one of the best models to run with
open claw and you can set it up with one
command. You can plug this straight into
open core as well. So, I'm going to show
you exactly how this works and how to
connect KimK 2.5 to Open Web Claw. In
this video, we'll test it live with real
tasks and find out whether this free
upgrade is worth switching to. Cool
thing about this is like you don't need
to add any API keys. You don't need to
pay for any subscriptions. You can just
use Kim K 2.5 with OAMA on the new
update at least today. Right. This also
works for GLM 5 models as well, which is
pretty cool. And with one command,
you're running one of the most capable
free AR models available on brand new
Nvidia hardware with free web search
available too. So let's get straight
into it. You can see the update from
Alama right here. So they've said cloud
is updated to use Nvidia's latest
hardware, right? B300 for Gim Kim K25
and GLM 5 models. So this significantly
improves model performance with faster
output. So you can get faster responses,
but also this works with OAM's launch
command and you get free web search with
it as well. So you can sign up and get
Kim K25 which is pretty cool and this is
way faster, way more reliable and uh
we'll get straight into this. All right,
so if you've never used OAM before,
basically what this is is it allows you
to run local and cloud models and it's a
free um way to run them. Right now, you
do have to stick within token limits,
but I'll come on to that in a second.
And if you go into the model section
here, you can start using this with
Kimmy K2.5. There's loads of different
models you can use with Olama, but the
one that we're focusing on is Kim K2.5,
right? So, you can see it right here.
And basically, to install this with
Olama, you would run this command. So,
let me show you exactly how this works.
All right. And so if you want to get
lama set up inside your terminal,
basically what you do is you use a quick
command that looks something like this,
right? So you paste this in and this
will actually run Kimk 2.5 cloud. Now
you could use that for free directly
inside your terminal right here, right?
Super easy and simple. So if we say, you
know, what is 2 plus2 just to test it
out, you can see that it responds really
quickly. It's really fast to respond
which is awesome. Now if you want to use
this with openclaw you can actually copy
a command which I'll show you in a
second. So you copy this command. We're
going to press control and c just to end
the terminal session and we can press
forward/by to end it too. And then we're
going to paste this command and this
will launch open claw with the new model
that's running on nvidia. So if we run
that with lama here that's now set up as
you can see right here. You can see that
pulling in the details. Right now the
other way that you can run this you can
also run it with something called clawed
code. Right. So if we go back to the
terminal here, we paste this in. We can
run claw code with communicative vibe as
well, right? And this is running for
free with the cloud model, right? So you
got claw code which is one of the most
powerful code in AI agents, but you can
use alarm to run KBK 2.5 cloud and the
new update from Nvidia inside claw code
as well. Right? So if we say okay, hey,
are you working? Bear in mind, this is
going to be much faster to respond than
it was previously. And you can see it
says yes, I'm here ready to help. So you
can actually use claw code for free as
well as open claw for free using kimk
2.5 cloud. Now if you wanted to use let
me just escape out of here. So if we
press control and c that actually escape
out of there right and then if we wanted
to run this with something like glm5
which is also mentioned on the new
update then we would go back into our
terminal. We paste in this command run
gm5 cloud. I'm sure you do have lama
running in the background as well and
open. And now we can use glm5 cloud for
free as well. Right. Okay, so this is
going to pull in the new cloud model.
Bear in mind, Elm 5 cloud seems to be a
bit bigger, so it might take a little
while to install there,
but it's pulling in the latest model
from GLM, right? And again, you could
run this with open claw or you could run
it with um claw code as well. And the
other option that you have is you can
run through the on boarding inside your
terminal and for open claw, right? So if
you run the command
openclaw on board install like this
right so you can see the command right
here if you run that inside your
terminal then you can switch to lama
like you see here right you set your
base URL and then you set which model
you want to use so for example cloud and
local and you can see the model is now
set to lama right so we can keep that as
a default model for Kimik 2.5 cloud run
through the rest of the setup, restart
the gateway, and then if we go back to
open claw, which you can see over here,
we've reset the gateway, rehatched it in
TUI, the terminal UI, and then we said
wake up my friend, and it said, yeah,
I'm what's on your mind. Right now, in
the drop down, you can switch to Kim 2.5
cloud. And that is the alarm cloud
model. So, if we say okay, let's use Kim
K2.5 cloud. And we say working question
mark, it says yes, I'm working. What do
you need? Right? And so basically now
we've set up Kimik2.5 cloud for free
inside openclaw using the new OAM and
Nvidia update and it's also got access
to web search as well included with this
API. Now we could do the same for GM 5
as well if we wanted to install that.
But the main point here is we can now
run open core for free with Kimo 2.5.
Now coming back to the free method I did
mention before there are limits right
there are limits with the tokens on
cloud usage. Now you can see the cloud
usage limits right here and these reset
very often. So you can see here for
example we've got a
session usage limit and we've got a
weekly usage limit. Now I've been using
these cloud models um weekly. I've shown
quite a few videos with them as well.
But you can see here that we can still
use this for free as long as we stick
with these limits and even me who I've
been using it daily and I think most
people don't use open call that much you
can stick within the cloud limits as
long as you're not doing anything too
crazy. You could also just set this as
like a sub agent. So you could say to
open core okay use the cloud models as a
sub agent you know for example for web
search which is enabled inside
communicate 5 and then instead of like
rinsing the the limits on this you could
use it inside openclaw for free just as
a sub aent for doing like smaller tasks
so you don't hit the limits that's
another option right but just to recap
here a company called just updated their
free cloud AI service to run on Nvidia's
newest most powerful computer chips
right the B300 this means your AI can
use AI um OAMA for free inside OpenClaw
and it's just got faster and smarter.
Now, if you're wondering what is OAM,
it's a platform that lets you run
powerful AR models on your computer in
the cloud. It's like a free app store,
but instead of apps, you give it access
to AI brains and they have loads of
different models you can use. The one
that we were focusing on today is Kim
K2.5 and GLM. Now, if you're wondering
what Kim K2.5 is, this is one of the
models now running on the upgraded
hardware. It was built by a company
called Moonshot AI. It was trained on
approximately 15 trillion tokens,
meaning it read um a lot of images and
text to to learn. And it can see
pictures, understand language, write
code, and think through complex problems
all at the same time. So, it's really
good for using with open claw. It also
has a 256,000 token context window,
meaning it can read and remember like
the equivalent of a small book in a
conversation. You might be wondering,
okay, what is the NVIDIA B300 and why
does that matter? Well, Nvidia makes the
most powerful computer chips for AI,
right? and their B300 is their latest
data center GPU. Right? These chips are
built specifically to run large language
AI models faster than ever before, which
means they're faster and they can reply
quicker, which is great for an AI agent.
Um, the other cool thing about Kimmy K 5
as well is like it uses something called
agent swarm, right? Which means that
instead of trying to solve like one big
problem alone, it can split the task
into smaller pieces and send each piece
to a different mini agent working in
parallel, right? It's like a team of
specialists all working at the same time
instead of one person doing everything
at a time. This is called Agent Swarm,
which means complex tasks get done
faster and more accurately. Plus, it has
web search inside there as well. So,
I've shown you how to use it, how to get
access, how it works. We do have a full
guide on using OpenClaw with OAM. And
I've shown you uh how to set this up as
well. If you actually type in MK2.5
inside the AR profit border community,
you'll see loads of video tutorials and
set setup guides for OpenClaw, right? So
you can see, for example, last month we
covered how to set up Miniax with Kimk
2.5, plus create a full step-by-step
guide on how to use it. If you want to
get all the video notes from today as
well, they're inside here, too. So you
just go to the SAP update section inside
the AR profit boardroom link in the
comments description or go to the
arpufferboard.com and then you can get
access to this. So we have a full 6-hour
course on how to use this and another
three-hour course on how to use this,
too. We're just adding new daily update
guides and step-by-step tutorials and
how to use this stuff and really
implement it inside your business. So,
if you want actionable um guides, if you
want a helpful community, if you want uh
a way to learn AI automation that
doesn't feel overwhelming, this is one
of the best places to go. Also, inside
the AI profit boardroom, you can see
that you get access to 2,600 members.
So, that means you can ask questions,
get help, get support in real time. You
can jump on weekly video coaching calls
and ask questions. You can meet people
in your local area via the map. And then
also inside the classroom here, you can,
for example, learn how to go from
beginner to expert in AI automation in
just five weeks and how to build your
first AI agent in under five minutes.
Now, you might be wondering, okay, like
what are the results of this? You can
actually see that we have over 137 pages
of testimonials from people winning with
AI automation. So, loads of cool stuff
right there. Lots of people winning with
this, lots of people learning, and it's
great to create a community where people
are learning and building and growing
together. So, that's one of the benefits
of the AI profitable board. You meet
people and you see people who have
transformed on their journey learning AI
automation. Here's an example, right?
It's pretty cool. Also, inside the
classroom, you'll get my best playbooks
for my business. So, how I automate, for
example, AI avatar videos, Instagram
shorts, newsletters, Twitter, and also
the daily updates are inside this
section. You can see we had new daily
guides and video tutorials right there.
You can also learn how to get more
clients with the agency course. You can
watch about the coaching calls over
here. You can learn how to rank number
one in Google and AI search engines with
the AI SEO automation section. And you
can also learn how to grow a YouTube
channel with AI based on what's working
for me. So that's all inside the AI
profit boarding link in the comments
description or go to the
aiprofitboarding.com. So thanks so much
for watching. Really appreciate it. I'll
see you on the next one. Cheers. It's
better.